docs: bluetooth: mesh: Add documentation for models shell commands (#7111)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth_services/mesh/gen_loc_cli.rst

	* ``elem_idx``: Element index where the model instance is found.

mdl_loc global-get
	Get the current global location value of the Generic Location state.

mdl_loc global-set <latitude> <longitude> <altitude>
	Set the global location value of the Generic Location state and wait for a response.

	* ``latitude``: Global WGS84 North coordinate in degrees.
	* ``longitude``: Global WGS84 East coordinate in degrees.
	* ``altitude``: Global altitude above the WGS84 datum in meters.

mdl_loc global-set-unack <latitude> <longitude> <altitude>
	Set the global location value of the Generic Location state without requesting a response.

	* ``latitude``: Global WGS84 North coordinate in degrees.
	* ``longitude``: Global WGS84 East coordinate in degrees.
	* ``altitude``: Global altitude above the WGS84 datum in meters.

mdl_loc local-get
	Get the current local location value of the Generic Location state.

mdl_loc local-set <north> <east> <altitude> <floor> [time_delta [precision_mm [is_mobile]]]

> 	Set the global location value of the Generic Location state and wait for a response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Set the local location value of the Generic Location state and wait for a response.
```

mdl_loc global-set-unack <latitude> <longitude> <altitude>
	Set the global location value of the Generic Location state without requesting a response.

	* ``latitude``: Global WGS84 North coordinate in degrees.
	* ``longitude``: Global WGS84 East coordinate in degrees.
	* ``altitude``: Global altitude above the WGS84 datum in meters.

mdl_loc local-get
	Get the current local location value of the Generic Location state.

mdl_loc local-set <north> <east> <altitude> <floor> [time_delta [precision_mm [is_mobile]]]
	Set the local location value of the Generic Location state and wait for a response.

	* ``north``: Local north position in decimeters.
	* ``east``: Local east position in decimeters.
	* ``altitude``: Local altitude in decimeters.
	* ``floor``: Floor number.
	* ``time_delta``: If present, defines the time since the previous position update in milliseconds.
	* ``precision_mm``: If present, defines the precision of the location in millimeters.
	* ``is_mobile``: If present, defines whether the device is movable.

mdl_loc local-set-unack <north> <east> <altitude> <floor> [time_delta [precision_mm [is_mobile]]]

> -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: Change to def list

The Generic Location Client may send messages to both the Generic Location Server and the Generic Location Setup Server, as long as it has the right application keys.

Extended models
***************

None.

Persistent storage
******************

None.

Shell commands
**************

> The Bluetooth mesh shell subsystem provides set of commands to interract with the Generic Location Client model instantiated on a device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Bluetooth mesh shell subsystem provides a set of commands to interact with the Generic Location Client model instantiated on a device.
```

> To make these commands available, enable :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_SHELL` and :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_SHELL_LOC_CLI`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To make these commands available, enable the Kconfig options :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_SHELL` and :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_SHELL_LOC_CLI`.
```

``mdl_loc instance get-all``
----------------------------

	Print all instances of the Generic Location Client model on the device.

``mdl_loc instance set <elem_idx>``
-----------------------------------

> 	Select the Generic Location Client model instantiated on the specified element id. This instance will be used in message sending. If no model instance was selected, the first model instance found on the device will be used by default.
> 
> 	* ``elem_idx``: Element index where to find the model instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	Select the Generic Location Client model instantiated on the specified element ID.
	This instance will be used in message sending.
	If no model instance is selected, the first model instance found on the device will be used by default.

	* ``elem_idx``: Element index where the model instance is found.
```

	* ``latitude``: Global WGS84 North coordinate in degrees.
	* ``longitude``: Global WGS84 East coordinate in degrees.
	* ``altitude``: Global altitude above the WGS84 datum in meters.

``mdl_loc global-set-unack <latitude> <longitude> <altitude>``
--------------------------------------------------------------

	Set a global location value of the Generic Location state without requesting a response.

	* ``latitude``: Global WGS84 North coordinate in degrees.
	* ``longitude``: Global WGS84 East coordinate in degrees.
	* ``altitude``: Global altitude above the WGS84 datum in meters.

``mdl_loc local-get``
---------------------

	Get the current local location value of the Generic Location state.

``mdl_loc local-set <north> <east> <altitude> <floor> [time_delta [precision_mm [is_mobile]]]``
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	Set a global location value of the Generic Location state and wait for a response.

	* ``north``: Local north position in decimeters.
	* ``east``: Local east position in decimeters.
	* ``altitude``: Local altitude in decimeters.
	* ``floor``: Floor number.

> 	* ``time_delta``: If present, defines time since the previous position update in milliseconds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	* ``time_delta``: If present, defines the time since the previous position update in milliseconds.
```

> 	* ``precision_mm``: If present, defines precision of the location in millimeters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	* ``precision_mm``: If present, defines the precision of the location in millimeters.
```

	* ``is_mobile``: If present, defines whether the device is movable.

``mdl_loc local-set-unack <north> <east> <altitude> <floor> [time_delta [precision_mm [is_mobile]]]``
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> 	Set a local location value of the Generic Location state without requesting a response.

Reviewer: This is still left

	* ``north``: Local north position in decimeters.
	* ``east``: Local east position in decimeters.
	* ``altitude``: Local altitude in decimeters.
	* ``floor``: Floor number.

> 	* ``time_delta``: If present, defines time since the previous position update in milliseconds.
> 	* ``precision_mm``: If present, defines precision of the location in millimeters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	* ``time_delta``: If present, defines the time since the previous position update in milliseconds.
	* ``precision_mm``: If present, defines the precision of the location in millimeters.
```
